How much does the surgery cost?
The patient's condition is urgent
It will cost more than 300,000 in the early stage.
300,000 where do I pay so much?
Hurry up and raise money
I'm going to check on the patient now.
How is the second sister's mother?
I found that people need 300,000 for surgery
I'm not in a hurry.
Let's scrape together
How much did you pay by car?
I've been working for years and saved 60,000 yuan
How much do you have there?
Mom
Your living expenses are all given by your mother
I don't have that kind of money.
How much Xi Shi do you have there?
What are you looking at me for?
I just invested in a bar
How can there be money? Didn't you say yesterday that you still have tens of thousands of dollars at home?